Is-truthful;review;author1;author2;author3
0;"My stay at the Hotel Monaco recently was fantastic. We got a very reasonable price for our stay (especially since we were a AAA member), and there was plenty of perks to utilize; in-room spa treatments and an evening wine wine hour to name a few. Another thing that the kids really enjoyed was that, upon request, the staff brought us a fish in its own fishbowl for our room. How cool is that! The staff were all very helpful and friendly and our stay was very enjoyable. I would definitely recommend the Hotel Monaco to anyone in the downtown Chicago area.";1;1;1
0;"This is a beautiful hotel with a great view of the Chicago River and a short walk to all the best places to visit in the city! I had an unbelievably pleasant and relaxing stay with an in-room massage and fantastic room service. If you're looking for a vacation in Chicago and want to experience the best the city has to offer as well as live in luxury and comfort, I highly recommend this hotel and I would definitely come again!";1;1;1
0;"I just got back from the Monaco in Chicago! I was very pleasantly surprised, as my husband booked this trip as a last minute getaway, and he usually picks bad places-haha. Anyway, the moment we got there the doormen greeted us warmly and helped get our luggage situatated. It was busy and the line was a little long, but it moved quickly. The lady at the front desk gave us a high floor when we requested one which was very good, especially since it seemed to be near full. The room was clean and spacious (especially considering it's a city hotel). We made a lot of use of the concierge, since again, it was so last minute we didn't really make any plans. He gave us some tips and also gave us a few places we should go for Chicago pizza yummy! It was also great being near the theater district, and basically in the thick of everything so we saved on cab fare. I thought the coolest thing was they brought you a goldfish in a bowl for your room! very trendy. My husband is not as easily impressed, but he was really excited about the free wine hour and the free drinks in the afternoon. Overall, really nice stay in a four star, or probably four and half star hotel!";1;1;1
0;"This was a great hotel, one of the nicest that we have stayed in a long time. My wife was absolutely thrilled with the staff and we couldn't believe the KimptonKids program at the site. We will be back next time we stop in town. We cannot think of a better place to stay.";1;1;1
0;"Couldn't have asked for a better home base for checking out downtown Chicago. Hotel Sofitel is right in the heart of the action, allowing my friends and I to hit the clubs and enjoy the local cuisine downtown's famous for. The room was comfy, with two queen mattresses, down stuffed duvets and chic decor. The bar downstairs was a bit pricey, but made up for it by being comfortable, sleek, and staffed with attentive bartenders who made excellent cocktails. One night we didn't feel like going out so we headed downstairs to eat at the Cafe des Architectes, which had an amazing array of choices, mostly of the French persuasion. I would definitely book here again!";1;1;1
0;"I traveled to Chicago with my husband for a romantic weekend away. Our stay at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower could not have been more luxurious! Our room had anything you could ever want, a mini bar, air conditioning. We were also within walking distance of many sites and fun restaurants. The staff was friendly, and the beds were like clouds. Overall,the experience was worth every penny.";1;1;1
0;"You made Chicago a wonderful stay! The room was gorgeous! I came with very little on hand and my deluxe room supplied me with everything that I needed, I didn't even have to ask! Thank you so much, I will be back! Very tidy room as well!";1;1;1
0;"Our experience at Hotel Monaco was wonderful. My fiancee and I stayed two nights in the Tranquility suite--absolutely exquisite! We had wonderful room service and practically never had to leave our room. (Except to go to the gym :) I was able to do yoga on the trip because they had yoga accessories in the room! I was surprised by that. This hotel was the definition of 'luxury', they had anything we needed and more. My fiancee said we were staying at a really 'nice' hotel but I had no idea until we walked in the door. As soon as you walk in you are met with the charming atmosphere and luxurious decor. I have to admit, cheesy as it may sound, I felt like a queen all weekend long :) Most of the time I have at least one problem with the hotel I stayed at, but I have to say at this point I have no complaints at all about Hotel Monaco and I will definitely look forward to staying there again during my next trip to Chicago.";1;1;1
0;"I stayed in the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower hotel with my husband and two kids last weekend, and will definitely use this hotel again for future travels. The spacious rooms with modern, innovative furniture and comfortable beds was a great contrast to the small, dismal rooms and rock-hard beds that I have found at other hotel chains. The bathrooms were neat, tidy, and well-stocked with towels and personal needs such as toilet paper, shampoo, and soap. The carpet was clean (not stained and dingy like some hotels), the room decor was astounding, and the view from our window was wonderful. I enjoyed every aspect of this hotel stay, from the courteous staff at check-in to the ease of requesting room service and checking out. Thanks for making me feel right at home!";1;1;1
0;"The Sofitel Water Tower was a wonderful place to stay for my husband and me for our 20th anniversary weekend trip to Chicago. We got married in the city but then moved away, and it was so romantic to return. We loved how near the Sofitel was to everything - the Magnificent Mile was just outside our door, and we could walk to Navy Pier and other attractions as well. Chicago has changed, but the Sofitel made it feel like home again... except a very plush and elegant version of home! We stayed in a Junior Suite, which had great views of the city, and room service was very attentive when we called for champagne after midnight the day we arrived. Both nights before leaving for supper, we had a cocktail in Le Bar and enjoyed talking about what we'd done during the day, and all the great memories this town has for us. But I have to say we have some new great memories now, thanks to the Sofitel Water Tower!";1;1;1
0;Beautiful hotel in chicago. I visited this hotel on my honeymoon with my wife. They are pet friendly and even provide in room spa services. I would recommend hotel monaco if you are looking to stay in a luxury hotel in chicago.;1;1;1
0;"Fantastic stay! The hotel was beautifully decorated and immaculately clean. I chose this place because a friend recommended it plus it was VERY close to my business conference. Here you get the resources and exemplary four star luxury treatment with the downtown Chicago charm. Be sure to try the ribs at South Water Kitchen next door. They are the best I've ever had. EVER! If youre in the mood to unwind, you can sample the evening wine tastings downstairs or take a walk and explore the nightlife all around. I had a great time here. From now on, I won't stay anyplace else.";1;1;1
0;"I have heard friends talking about the Hotel Monaco in Chicago and did have my doubts at first. However when I arrived there was amazed at the location! It is near so many shopping places, museums, theatre, and many others places. Was in town for visiting old family and friends so did not plan to stay in room for long, however the room was still amazingly clean and well kept entire 6 day stay. Fell asleep quick in the beds and woke up ready for another day! The staff at the place is amazing I even got very good directions from them as sadly didnt know the area too well and had plans to meet people. One day did spend the day in room recovering from a long night and the room service was the best I have ever had at a hotel. All and all was highly impressed of this hotel good room, good service, and was able to have great time with friends and family by bringing them there and places nearby, will be heading back to this hotel many times.";1;1;1
0;"My husband and I stayed at the James Chicago Hotel for our anniversary. This place is fantastic! We knew as soon as we arrived we made the right choice! The rooms are BEAUTIFUL and the staff very attentive and wonderful!! The area of the hotel is great, since I love to shop I couldn't ask for more!! We will definatly be back to Chicago and we will for sure be back to the James Chicago. Betsy M, Louisville, KY";1;1;1
0;"Let me just preface this by saying that I absolutely loved my stay at this hotel. I chose it largely for location as I don't really love to walk that much and I was incredibly pleased with its situation in the city. It was just a couple blocks away from several museums and shopping districts but my husband and I mainly ventured out for food, of which there were great options and the concierge was a great help. We had originally booked the King Guestroom but upon arrival were upgraded to the Deluxe King Guestroom by the front desk. Everyone was remarkably friendly and helpful which is something I look for and remember when I go to stay in a location again. Our room was amazing. Seriously amazing. It was so chic and I just loved the headboard over our bed. There wasn't one little spot of dust to be found. The bathroom was gorgeous and we made full use of the two bathrobes in the closet. We didn't take anything from the snack bar but it all looked delicious. We had dinner at David Burke's Primehouse. I cannot recommend the NY Ribeye more highly. It was fantastic. For dessert we had the brown butter corn cake. I've been trying to replicate that dish ever since I got home. I'm sad to say that I didn't get a chance to try any of the treatments at Spa by Asha but I definitely will make a point to on my return visit. The James Chicago made our trip to Chicago memorable. The staff was friendly, the hotel beautiful, and the food delicious. What more could you want?";1;1;1
0;"We decided to stay at The James last weekend with our kids. We reserved the ""Family Adventurer with Paul Frank"". It's a special offer by the hotel to entice visitors to see the local museums and aquarium. We ended up receiving 2 Chicago City Passes, which ultimately paid for themselves and 4 tickets for the Chicago Children's Museum. My kids had a ball. We ended the day with a milk and cookies turn down service and a special pair of pajamas that my daughter adored. All in all, a great weekend where my kids were the focus. The adults certainly weren't forgotten since we had a great breakfast in the room the next morning.";1;1;1
0;"We enjoyed our stay at the James in Chicago very much. The hotel is elegant and uber-modern! Each room simply exudes class. I have never stayed in a nicer hotel, to be honest. The hotel features an upscale restaurant, though it is within walking distance of many great dining establishments. There is also a full-service spa at the hotel. The most surprising thing about the James is that pets are allowed; our dog didn't have to stay at home. How cool is that? There are also lots of up-scale amenities like valet parking, 24-hour room service, 24-hour concierge, shoe shine service, and laundry/dry cleaning. The hotel is located right on the Magnificent Mile, so that location is absolutely superb. You are literally steps away from some of the best dining and shopping in the world. I would recommend the James to anyone on business or looking to stay in upscale luxury on a jaunt to Chicago.";1;1;1
0;"This is one of the best hotels I have ever been in. I went there to see about scheduling my reception party, and was amazed at the architecture of the building, the interior design of the rooms, and the massive spacing provided for each room. Now I recommend this hotel to my associates to hold their important business meetings in the James Club, so that after the meetings, we can partake in a nice meal and drinks. Which brings me to my next point. The James has some of the BEST food I have ever eaten!!! The James Private Club, I feel was made for the elite and upper class. Very classy, very elegant. The customer service is outstanding. I recommend this hotel to anyone needing to hold a reception, business meeting, or just need to have a day at the spa. 5 stars all the way!!!";1;1;1
0;"I stayed in on of The James one bedroom apartments for two weeks while in Chicago visiting my daughter. The pre-arrival assistant was incredibly helpful in acquiring some necessities I forgot to pack and left them in my room for me. Later in the week I treated myself to an Asha Massage from their lengthy list of delicious spa services. Afterward I smelled wonderful and was the most relaxed I'd been in years. My room was clean and modern, yet warm and comforting with dark wood tones and lush bedding. I'll certainly be staying with them again in the future.";1;1;1
0;"Recently my husband and I stayed at The James in Chicago for our ""night on the town"". After taking in a musical, we checked in at The James and were happily surprised with the customer appreciation and delicious room service. The rooms were spotless and we were supplied with fresh towels for everything from showers to the spa to visiting the gym. If I had known that they accepted pets beforehand, it would've been a great environment for our family lapdog. Staying at The James in Chicago made our night a luxurious outing and will be a definite stop next time we are in Chicago.";1;1;1
0;"My wife and I recently stayed at this hotel for a fun anniversary weekend away from the kids. Upon check in we were pleasantly surprised by the decor, the location to so many downtown attractions and the attentiveness of the staff. As a seasoned traveler for business I consider myself somewhat savvy when it comes to service and accommodations. This hotel certainly delivers on both accounts. My wife and I had not intended on eating in the hotel restaurant, but after reviewing the menu we thought we would give it a try. WOW! Service was outstanding and the food was amazing. We truly enjoyed our dining experience. All in all I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone I meet.";1;1;1
0;"My stay here was superb. The view from my windows was stunning, as I looked out I could see the beautiful Grant Park. The room had a nice airy feel but was also warm and inviting. The bed was very comfortable. The wireless internet was fast and effective which is nice especially when on business trips. THe hotel is in walking distance to the museum which is nice for those on vaca. Overall I thouroughly enjoyed my stay here.";1;1;1
0;"I would like to add a comment, maybe this will help others when choosing for a wedding destination. My daughter was married in May of 2010 and we decided to have the special event at the Sofitel Water Tower; we were amazed. She always wanted a ballroom type of wedding, and Sofitel made this happen for her. They took care of all the invitations, cake decor, and so much more. The special day for my daughter was worth everything. If you are going to be in the Chicago area, check them out; you will not regret it!";1;1;1
0;"My husband and I stayed in the Hilton Chicago and had a very nice stay! The rooms were large and comfortable. The view of Lake Michigan from our room was gorgeous. Room service was really good and quick,eating in the room looking at that view, awesome! The pool was really nice but we didnt get a chance to use it. Great location for all of the downtown Chicago attractions such as theaters and museums. Very friendly staff and knowledgable, you cant go wrong staying here.";1;1;1
0;"I stayed at the Hilton Chicago for my cousins wedding. The service was impeccable. Not only was the staff attentive, they were respectful and careful not to interrupt the guests or make themselves known when serving dinner. I had the chicken wellington and it was to die for! The chicken was perfect and moist but the pastry crust was flaky and crispy. They even had Pakistani dinner options for some of the guests. The amenities were great, and after an open bar the night before, the Mimosas and brunch buffet couldn't have been better! I would love to have my wedding there.";1;1;1
0;"I stayed here for a weekend while visiting some friends in town. It was a little pricey, but definitely worth it! The staff was super friendly, the pool was clean and well-maintained, and they even had a really good veggie burger in the restaurant downstairs (I'm a vegetarian). Plus, I paid for a room with a lake view and it was gorgeous. I would definitely recommend.";1;1;1
0;"Me and my wife recently stayed at the Hilton Chicago while on vacation, and I can't recommend it enough. The hotel is located right on Michigan Avenue in downtown Chicago, and right next to tons of great restaurants and stores. The rooms are spacious and elegant; they are modern and stylish without being crazy or garish. I especially liked the big flat screen TV and the very comfy bed, sleeping in hotel rooms is often far from relaxing but I had no problem falling asleep. I highly recommend the Hilton Chicago, I'll definitely stay there again. A+";1;1;1
0;"My husband and I recently stayed at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower for our wedding anniversary - and what a pleasant stay we had! From the first moment we walked in, we were overwhelmed at the classy elegance of the lobby. I casually mentioned that it was our anniversary, and after we came back from dinner, we found champagne and strawberries awaiting us in the room. The staff was professional but friendly, and made us feel so welcome. The room was immaculate, the furnishings were so plush - we didn't really want to go home! Room service was prompt, and the views were spectacular! We are definitely going to make this visit a yearly repeat.";1;1;1
0;"On our first trip to Chicago, my fiance and I stayed 2 nights on our anniversary and were pleasantly surprised by the Hotel and the service we received from the personnel. In the past from other ""luxury hotels"" we have paid much more and received much less. Here the room were very spacious, comfortable and sleek. We spent come time in the hotel bar, LE BAR, and enjoyed a few of their specialty martinis that were second to none! We also enjoyed dinner at the hotel's Cafe des Architectes and received service some of the best service in quite some time. If traveling with a lover we recommend the ""Air of Romance"" package. It was the best! 6 stars!";1;1;1
0;"This hotel is beautiful, it is very modern and has a very luxuary feel to it. The location is wonderful,it is close to magnificent mile and the Navy pier, which was a great place to show the children on our vacation. We had the option of private parking which made a feel secure with our car,and the valet was very nice and helpful. I also take my work with me everywhere I go,So the wi-fi at the hotel was a-plus. They have a wide selection of packages that can include anything from the couple that wants to get away or a family outing. This place is great for the price, due to the looks of the hotel you will be surprised at how affordable it is. This is very nice place and it gives you a feeling of being the queen or king for the duration of your stay.";1;1;1
1;"I believe I can not describe how amazing was our stay at The James. Service was impecable, from the door man to the front desk. Location could not be better. Yes, you can hear the ambulances in the street from the 14th floor, but, come on, you are downtown, what do you expect....Overall noise was not in a level to bother us. The only minor incident was a cleaner that tried to open our room to clean at 9 pm...PM not AM? Go figure...";1;1;1
1;"I try to stay at the James every time I happen to be in Chicago. There are other good choices in town, but nobody has what the James offers: superior service - aka class meets efficiency -, metropolitan design and comfort with an attention to details I found only at the W in Seoul, and what always plays a role meaning a convenient location ... Then they get to you with small unexpected touches that make the difference ie: I was about to take off and drive North, it was a hot July day...one of the staff members handed me a bottle of water. A small gesture. Unexpected and appreciated. The management AND the staff understand what we expect and more importantly, what we need. AND they consistenly execute against that.";1;1;1
1;"Just got back from a 10 day visit to Chicago. For the rate of $219 per night, it was extremely good value. Reception staff were efficient, courteous and very friendly. I was given a room on the top floor (32nd floor) facing the lake and the John Hancock Tower. The rooms were large and very comfortable. Housekeeping/Turn Down Service were efficient and thorough. Bathroom amenities were very good and replaced daily. This is definitely my first choice for a Hotel in Chicago. It is also very close to all the shops, restaurants and the subway.";1;1;1
1;"After reading the reviews on this hotel, I decided to book my stay for July 4th weekend here and I am glad I did, this hotel is absolutely beautiful. Our suite was gorgeous it is a very romantic hotel with big sit in picture windows. I do have 1 complaint. The bar is very boring and the resturant is not that great, but other than that I loved it. I would definitely stay there again.";1;1;1
1;"Hotel Monaco is in a really great location, only a block away from the Miracle mile and a couple of blocks from Millenium Park. Sears Tower is also well within walking distance and if you don't mind walking you won't have a problem walking to Greek Town and Lincoln Park (we did). The daily, complimentary, wine hour is a really nice touch that we unfortunately were only around once to try out. If you can, leave your car behind, you won't need it and the parking is quite pricey, which is not very surprising considering the location. Everything was clean, fresh and modern and the staff very helpful. The only bad thing was that the noise from the elevated train around ""the loop"" was quite loud and that our room happened to be next to the maid's supply room so it was quite busy in the morning.";1;1;1
1;"Very pleasant front staff, wine in the evening in the lobby, large rooms, great rates, and free Internet for those that are members of the loyalty program. Overall an excellent value. Close to the El for those coming in from either Midway or O'Hare airports.";1;1;1
1;A friend highly recommended this hotel and we couldn't have been happier! It was wonderful ~ my husband and kids were already planning our next trip there before we had even left the hotel. The kids loved the goldfish in the room and thought the window seats were the best.;1;1;1
1;"Our room was on the third floor so there was some street noise - but it certainly didn't spoil our 4 nights in this lovely hotel. Wine tasting evening went down extremely well after a day seeing the sights of the city!! Our goldish was called Oliver - nobody could believe we had our very own goldfish in our room!! All the staff were really helpful and welcoming, making our stay here very relaxing and comfortable. Would certainly recommend this hotel.";1;1;1
1;"Stayed here with friends for a long weekend in August and loved the hotel. Enjoyed the free nightly wine happy hour, and the accomodations were quite nice (our beds were very soft and comfortable). We had excellent views of the river from our rooms. The location was wonderful for seeing the sights around town, with easy access to public transportation nearby. My friends actually received the goldfish upon request, which they enjoyed. Some noise could be heard from rooms nearby or above, but it was minimal. Price seemed very resonable to us for the location. Will certainly return to the Windy City and plan on staying here again.";1;1;1
1;"My initial thought of the hotel was, this place is just ok, I didnt look up any reviews as I was staying there with 2 other friends. I was truly impressed from ceiling to floor with the room. Views were good, its just the surrounding buildings unless your towards the front where the river is located. I'm crazy about huge bathrooms and this one is HUGE. I love all the space they have. Flat tv, traditional seating and I admired the fabric-based headboards. Those are very nice! Walking distance to restaurants were convenient. I'm a highly frequent traveler to Chicago almost 20 years now and always stay with relatives. In any event, I'd recommend staying at the Monaco again!";1;1;1
